here's what you'll need to make this
delicious dish you're going to need
noodles
cuttlefish ball shrimp and egg also
needed is fresh cilantro onion and green
onion and now for the sauce you're going
to need fish sauce hot sauce hoisin
sauce ground black pepper and some sugar
start off by heating a medium pan on
medium-high heat add one tablespoon of
oil when the oil gets hot add your
cuddle fish balls I've cut them in half
now we're going to add our shrimp that's
one cup of peeled shrimp add half a cup
of sliced onion this is going to add a
nice sweetness to the dish for some
color and taste throw in a third a cup
of chopped green onion add one egg
that's already been beaten add it on the
side of your pan this way you can
scramble it on the side and once it
starts to cook just mix everything all
together add one package of Budo noodles
further doodah noodles I usually like to
give it a quick rinse and pop it in the
microwave for about 50 seconds this way
that you doodle doesn't break it's time
to add in that sauce look at that looks
so good just mix everything together so
the noodles see through the veggies are
all covered in the sauce cook everything
for about another three minutes already
so right when your noodles are almost
finished you want to turn off your heat
and throw in a third a cup of chopped
cilantro this is going to add for a
really nice freshness to the dish
look at that it's ready to serve all
that delicious see through the
cuttlefish ball the shrimp what's not to
love hopefully you guys give this recipe
a try as always I want to say thank you
everyone so much for watching and have a
great day bye
you